if I asked you to imagine the perfect
gaming keyboard you'd probably think of
things like Cherry MX which is
programmable keys and n key rollover but
what if there was a keyboard that had
all the basic gamer features but also
helped you play longer without fatigue
and even gave you multiple ways to
configure your desktop maybe that's
something you didn't even know you
wanted introducing the freestyle edge
from Kinesis gaming the world's first
split gaming keyboard and introducing
Corsairs new light loop fans featuring
16 independent LEDs in every fan and low
noise operation without sacrificing
performance check them out at the link
below
[Music]
now the ideal keyboard position can
change a lot depending on what game
you're playing so the idea here is that
whether you're the type who likes to
tilt your keyboard for shooters throw in
a joystick for flying bring the mouse in
close for reduced shoulder fatigue or
let's be honest sometimes you just want
a little snacky poop the edge gives you
flexibility so the two halves of the
keyboard can be placed up to 50
centimeters apart and you can even hide
some though not quite enough in my
opinion of the chord that goes between
the pieces to limit the amount of excess
hanging out in closer configurations now
I know what you're thinking okay maybe
that's useful but is this really worth a
video to be honest initially we thought
it was just a keyboard with a flashy
gimmick too but it ended up being a damn
good keyboard the build quality is solid
with braided cables and Cherry MX
switches either in red brown or blue
flavors and features like 1 millisecond
response times anti-ghosting and 8
programmable macro keys will keep
hardcore players competitive but
stealthy the matte black finish and easy
to read legend contribute to a clean
modern look that doesn't scream gamer
I mean who says that SiC gear bro has to
actually physically nause at you and it
even has a pitch-black mode that turns
off both the blue backlight and the
indicator LEDs neato so at this point
even if the video was over that no no
wait I said if it's not over yet the
edge would be worth a serious look but
we haven't even talked about the feature
that takes this keyboard to the next
level programmability every one of the
edges 95 keys can be remapped to not
just any function but any two functions
which you toggle between using the
freaking key down here and I'm not
talking about simple functions every key
or combo using modifiers like ctrl + or
shift can be mapped to a macro and you
can have up to 24 macros
each one can be up to 300 characters
long the execution speed for which can
be controlled globally or set
individually all the way from four to a
fiery 3,000 actions per second been man
this thing just keeps going let's say
that you share your keyboard with
someone else or you like different key
mappings for different activities like
gaming or working that's no problem you
can have this level of customization on
up to nine different layouts so such
advanced program ability probably needs
advanced programming knowledge and/or a
software tool then right well you can do
either of those things what's cool is
that the software tool for Windows is
actually built right into the keyboard
no download required but all but a few
nice actions can actually be done just
using the keys on the board it's super
intuitive and only takes a second and if
you ever forget what layer you're using
or just what you even have programmed
you can check it at any time and all of
this is stored directly on the board so
you can take all of your settings with
you which brings us to the bad stuff you
may have noticed that I haven't talked
about price yet this keyboard is two
hundred and twenty dollars or two
hundred on Amazon which isn't outlandish
but it is a lot even for a high quality
mechanical board especially one that
isn't RGB that price tag on its own
isn't all of what bothers me anyway
remember that's still only half the
price of the last Kinesis ergonomic
keyboard we reviewed the advantage to
which you can check out here it's the
fact that once you've taken your
expensive product out of its clever box
you're left feeling a little incomplete
the reason is that the edge doesn't come
with the lift kit which after using it
both with and without it feels
completely essential it tilts your
wrists 5 10 or 15 degrees and takes the
edge from being a stylish flexible maybe
even fantastic gaming keyboard to being
perhaps the most ergonomic
Gaming keyboard out there since the
wrist rests keep your wrist from
extending the lift kit keeps your arms
from pronating and the separation
prevents them ona's from deviating
whether you're typing for hours gaming
for hours or some combination of the two
for hours so should you buy it not
everyone is going to like the cramped
arrow keys or the fact that the halves
don't snap together for some reason and
at this price we think it absolutely
needs to include lift kit but of all the
ergonomic keyboards so far we think this
one has by far the most mainstream
appeal so if it goes on sale I'm ready
to say pull the trigger now but until
then you might say I'm a little bit
split but torn uh anyway what I'm not
torn about is telling you guys about
Skillshare it's an online learning
community with more than 17,000 classes
in design photo work and more Premium
Membership gives you unlimited access to
high-quality classes from experts
working in their fields so you can
improve your skills unlock new
opportunities and do the work you love
they've got great classes on things like
video editing writing and Technology and
it's more affordable than most learning
platforms out there an annual
subscription is less than ten dollars a
month and the first 200 people to use
the promo link in the description will
get their first two months free to try
it out no risk at all so go check it out
guys so thanks for watching if this
video sucked you know what to do but if
it was awesome get subscribed hit the
like button or check out the link to
where to buy the stuff we featured in
the video description also down there's
our merch store which has cool shirts
like this one
it's designs still on there but it has
other cool shirts and our community
forum which you should totally join